Overview:
This goal of this project is to explore your comfort level with both application architecture, component design and layout. Please read these instructions carefully before you start.

Archive Contents:
instructions.txt - This file
sample-data.txt  - Sample Data
gennev-community-pages/ - Create React App starter kit/repo

Task:
Given the sample data and assets provided in the zip file, create a single page application that follows the layout in the pdf provided. While the sample PDF provides 2 views (List and Grid) you will only need to implement 1. You may choose whichever one you prefer, either the list view OR the grid view.

You are creating a sample community page that allows anyone to contribute their testimonials to a database. When the app loads, it should load the already existing testimonials from the sample data. Your app will include a form that will allow for a new testimonial to be submitted and added to the existing ones being shown on the page. 

The application page should have two panels as shown in the layout. On the left (Form Panel), there should be a form that allows a user to submit a new entry to the database that already contains the data provided. 

The right side (Display Panel) should display the already provided data in a view matching the sample layout, using components you've created. Similar to how many operating system file browsers work. 


View Details:
If you choose the Grid View, it should show data in components with user headshots on top and the provided data - age, location and comments in the box below. 

The List view should only show the user provided image/headshot and the testimonial comments on the right.  

The imageUrls provided in the data are links to real images and should be included as part of your solution.


Considerations:
* Your app should prevent a user from submitting a comment or testimonial twice. Your app does not need to implement login/sessions to enable this constraint. Consider how you may implement that restriction in a "lightweight manner" and add it to your app.

* Add a searchbox above the right side of the layout (Grid or List view) that allow for the testimonials to be searchable. For example,if I search for Dana Moore (one of the names in the sample data), the bottom views should only show her testimonial component. 


Constraints:

- THE VISUAL COMPONENTS SHOULD USE NO THIRD PARTY CODE - You must be the original author of the UI source code, it should not be from a publicly available or open source component library. 
- You may use React (preferred) but Vue.js is also acceptable.
_ Typescript is preferred, but plain Javascript will work just as well.

The Create React App starter kit provided is optional. If you wish to setup your own starter kit/bundler/etc, feel free.

Upload your completed assignment into a public GitHub repo and submit the link when completed.